feat(doc/ulule-api): subscribe email to newsletter (#120)
ulule/developers.ulule.com: content/docs/ulule-api/reference/newsletters.md

## List newsletters

{{% http method="get" %}}/v1/newsletters{{% /http %}}

## Subscribe contact to newsletter

Subscribe an email to a given newsletter.

> The email cannot belong to an existing user.

Reviewer: Deplacer dans le tableau, au niveau de la description de l'email
```suggestion
The email must not belong to an existing user.
```

{{% http method="post" %}}/v1/newsletters/:slug/subscribe{{% /http %}}

| Parameter | Description     |
| --------- | --------------- |
| `:slug`   | Newsletter Slug |

> ### payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Payload
```
